2-deoxyribonucleotide biosynthetic process
Alpha amylase, catalytic domain
Antibiotic biosynthetic process
Archaeal or bacterial-type flagellum-dependent cell motility
Bacterial flagellum
Bacterial flagellum biogenesis
Bacterial flagellum protein export
Bacterial-type flagellum
Bacterial-type flagellum assembly
Bacterial-type flagellum basal body
Bacterial-type flagellum-dependent cell motility
Bacterial-type flagellum-dependent swarming motility
Bacterial-type flagellum hook
Bacterial-type flagellum hook, and Armadillo
Bacterial-type flagellum organization
Beta-ketoacyl synthase, N-terminal, and Acyl transferase
Beta-ketoacyl synthase, N-terminal, and Acyl transferase
Cell motility, and Bacterial flagellum biogenesis
Cell projection assembly
Cell shape
Cellular component assembly
Cellular component biogenesis
Cellular component organization
Cellular component organization or biogenesis
Cellular macromolecule biosynthetic process
Cellular macromolecule metabolic process
Cellular process
Cell wall biogenesis
Cell wall macromolecule biosynthetic process
Cell wall macromolecule metabolic process
Cell wall organization
Cell wall organization or biogenesis
Defense response to other organism
Deoxyribonucleoside monophosphate biosynthetic process
DNA restriction-modification system
Flagellar assembly
Flagellar assembly
Flagellar assembly
Flagellar assembly
Glycogen metabolic process, and Alpha amylase, catalytic domain
Glycosyltransferase
Interspecies interaction between organisms
Locomotion
Locomotion, and Bacterial flagellum biogenesis
Locomotion, and Bacterial flagellum biogenesis
Locomotion, and Competence
Macromolecule localization
Macromolecule metabolic process
Mixed, incl. Bacteriophage Mu-like, Gp48, and Protein of unknown function DUF2634
Mixed, incl. Carbohydrate metabolism, and MetI-like superfamily
Mixed, incl. carbohydrate transport, and Carbohydrate metabolism
Mixed, incl. DNA integration, and AAA-like domain
Mixed, incl. locomotion, and cell communication
Mixed, incl. maltose transport, and Alpha-amylase domain
Mixed, incl. maltose transport, and Beta-phosphoglucomutase
Mixed, incl. spore wall, and Myb domain
Mixed, incl. spore wall, and Myb domain
Mixed, incl. Toxin-antitoxin system, and Quorum sensing
Mostly uncharacterized, incl. conjugation, and TIR domain
Mostly uncharacterized, incl. recombinase activity, and ComB-like
Mostly uncharacterized, incl. Terminase RNAseH like domain, and YqbF domain superfamily
Oligosaccharide catabolic process
Peptidoglycan-based cell wall biogenesis
Protein transport
Protein transport
Restriction system
Starch and sucrose metabolism
Teichoic acid biosynthesis
Teichoic acid biosynthesis, and teichuronic acid metabolic process
Toxin-antitoxin system
Transferase
Transferase activity
Transferase activity, transferring phosphorus-containing groups
