Alpha-amino acid biosynthetic process
Alpha-amino acid metabolic process
Aspartate family amino acid biosynthetic process
Aspartate family amino acid biosynthetic process, and Aminotransferases, class-I, pyridoxal-phosphate-binding site
Aspartate family amino acid metabolic process
Carbon-sulfur lyase activity, and Homocysteine-binding domain
Catalytic activity
Cellular amino acid metabolic process
Cysteine and methionine metabolism
Extracellular region
Glucose permease domain IIB, and Glycosyl hydrolase, all-beta
Glycoside hydrolase superfamily
Glycosyl hydrolase, all-beta
Guanosine-containing compound metabolic process
Homoserine metabolic process
Hydrolase activity, acting on glycosyl bonds
Hydrolase activity, hydrolyzing O-glycosyl compounds
Immunoglobulin-like fold
Methionine biosynthetic process
Methionine metabolic process
Mixed, incl. Glucose permease domain IIB, and amino sugar metabolic process
Mixed, incl. Leucine-rich repeat domain superfamily, and cell adhesion
Mixed, incl. Leucine-rich repeat domain superfamily, and cell adhesion
Mixed, incl. Peptidoglycan-anchor, and Leucine-rich repeat domain superfamily
Mixed, incl. Signal, and Coiled coil
Mixed, incl. Signal, and Coiled coil
Mixed, incl. Signal, and Helix-turn-helix domain
Mixed, incl. Signal, and Helix-turn-helix domain
Mixed, incl. Transcription activator MutR, C-terminal, and Internalin I, Ig-like domain
Mixed, incl. Transcription activator MutR, C-terminal, and LPXTG cell wall anchor motif
Mixed, incl. Transcription activator MutR, C-terminal, and LPXTG cell wall anchor motif
Mostly uncharacterized, incl. Portal protein, and Peptidase M15C
Nucleoside monophosphate metabolic process, and tetrahydrofolate metabolic process
One-carbon metabolic process
One-carbon metabolism
One-carbon metabolism, and Thymidylate synthase
One carbon pool by folate
Organic substance metabolic process
Peptidoglycan-anchor, and Leucine-rich repeat domain superfamily
Polyketide sugar unit biosynthesis, and Bacterial membrane protein YfhO
Polyketide sugar unit biosynthesis, and teichoic acid metabolic process
Polysaccharide catabolic process
Polysaccharide metabolic process
Primary metabolic process
Purine metabolism
Purine nucleoside metabolic process
Ribonucleoside metabolic process
Secreted
Serine family amino acid biosynthetic process
Serine family amino acid metabolic process
Signal
Small molecule biosynthetic process
Sulfur amino acid biosynthetic process
Sulfur amino acid biosynthetic process, and tripeptidase activity
Sulfur compound biosynthetic process
WxL domain, and Internalin I, Ig-like domain
Zymogen, and Toxin
